Asides don't need 2 imperatives (#6952)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/docs/extensions/reference/devtools_inspectedWindow/index.md

{% Aside 'caution' %}

> Due to the security considerations explained above, the [`tabs.executeScript`][4]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to the security considerations explained above, the [`scripting.executeScript`](/docs/extensions/reference/scripting#method-executeScript)
```

Let's switch this to MV3
